clarify how email is actually set (#4750)
segmentio/segment-docs: src/connections/destinations/catalog/criteo-app-web-events/index.md

### Setting Emails

> Once an [identify call](/docs/connections/spec/identify/) has been made that has an `email` trait in the payload, this email will be stored as a trait on the client. We then include this email in subsequent [`track`](/docs/connections/spec/track/) calls, by pushing the `setHashedEmail` event to Criteo along with your event. We'll take care of hashing it for you.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you make an [identify call](/docs/connections/spec/identify/) that has an `email` trait in the payload, this email is stored as a customer trait. We then include a hashed version of this email in subsequent [`track`](/docs/connections/spec/track/) calls by pushing the `setHashedEmail` event to Criteo along with your event. Segment takes care of hashing customer emails for you.
```
